Replace java 8 minimum requirement with 16 (#76)
PaperMC/PaperDocs: source/about/faq.rst

-------------------------

Paper requires the Java Runtime Environment to run. Specifically, it requires
at least Java version 16. Once that is installed you're all good to go! If you

> don't already have a Java 16 Runtime, `it's easy to download and install </en/latest/java-update/index.html>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
don't already have a Java 16 Runtime, :doc:`it's easy to download and install</java-update/index>`.
```

This won't correctly link as is.

> don't already have a Java 16 Runtime, `it's easy to download and install <https://adoptopenjdk.net/?variant=openjdk16&jvmVariant=hotspot>`_.

Reviewer: Perhaps rather than linking to adopt link to the [upgrading to java 16](https://paper.readthedocs.io/en/latest/java-update/index.html) guide.
